Exercise 1 text. (#4)
sanyatonwu/tutorial: text/exercise1/cake.md

## Recipe for Yellow Cake

> 

Reviewer: Great catch!

> Yellow cake is delicious!  This recipe is passed down from my great-great-grandparents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yellow cake is delicious!  This recipe has been shared throughout the generations within my family.
```

Yellow cake is delicious!  This recipie is passed down from my great-great-grandparents.
Yellow cake is delicious!  This recipe is passed down from my great-great-grandparents.

My great-great-granparents lived in Venice. They enjoyed travelling on the canals. 
My great-great-grandparents lived in Venice. They enjoyed traveling on the canals.
Did you know Venice became Austrian territory when Napoleon signed the Treaty of Campo 
Formio on 12 October 1797? I did not.

### Directions

> 

Reviewer: Turn the oven tow 350 degrees.

- 1 1/2 cups white sugar
- 1/2 cup of shortening
- 3 eggs
- 1 cup milk 
- 1 teaspoon vanilla extract

### Directions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).

Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan.

> Mix the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl.

Reviewer: Good job on adding directions!

> Mix the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mix flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl.
```
